sorted_array_friends took 8103 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2864 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2306 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1817 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1957 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1957 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2306 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 4192 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1957 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1957 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2306 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1817 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 3353 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 908 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 978 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 978 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1398 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1817 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 7684 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1817 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2306 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 12854 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2305 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2376 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1957 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 2445 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1887 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
