sorted_array_friends took 8729 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 2375 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 6983 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1815 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 978 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 4399 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1815 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 3840 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 977 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 908 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1956 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 9079 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1815 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 978 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 10335 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1816 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1955 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1885 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1397 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1886 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1396 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1466 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1467 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
