sorted_array_friends took 6510 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 960 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 830 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 820 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 730 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 720 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 3590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 910 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 840 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 770 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 760 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 720 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 760 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 2130 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 1110 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 780 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 720 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 7890 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1050 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 900 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 810 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 770 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 730 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
