sorted_array_friends took 6181 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 1560 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 890 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 840 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 770 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 720 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 3870 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 900 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 810 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 750 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 730 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 730 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 710 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 740 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 700 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
sorted_array_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 2330 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 930 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 730 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 610 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 620 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 570 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 580 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 5920 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 600 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_friends took 590 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 8120 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 1050 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 830 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 750 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 750 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 730 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 690 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 670 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 680 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 641 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 660 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 630 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 650 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
graph_hostilities took 640 Nanoseconds, 0 Miliseconds,
